								INFP

								KEIRSEY


reconciling
Healers finds a tremendous sense of purpose in being a facilitator of reconciliation. They seek internal healing within themselves, external healing with others, and eternal healing with the sacred. They seek to mend those divisions which plague their private life and their relationships. They yearn to conciliate, to lead others to a place of restoration—that is, to restore lost unity, integrity, or harmony. They are the reconcilers of all that does not fit. They extend their hands to those who have been excluded, discarded, and forgotten.

inspiring
When it comes to the matters of the heart, Healers can be enormously inspiring because they are willing to be vulnerable with others. They are the first to be willing to sacrifice, and the first to confess their fears, and admit their weaknesses. This kind of authenticity inspires others to engage in community by being open about their shortcomings. Healers influence others by connecting on a very personal level. They connect their own stories to their listener's stories.

harmonious
Healers seek harmony, going to great lengths to avoid interpersonal conflict. They are sensitive to the feelings of others, and with sincere devotion they aim to please wherever possible. They are well aware of people and their feelings, and relate well to most others, but with some reserve. Absolute loyalty is what they provide and expect, so any act of divisiveness is considered an act of betrayal. Healers want to do things differently, by coming at a situation from an alternative, yet harmonious angle.

nurturing
Compassion is defined as a "sympathetic consciousness of others' distress together with a desire to alleviate it." For Healers, their expressions of nurturing stem from their profound personal journey of redemption. Healers connect by sharing in people's suffering, challenges, difficulties, and pain. This sensitivity to pain allows them to connect with those who feel downtrodden and brokenhearted. They approach people in need with a sensitivity that is unparalleled.

fervent
Healers have a fervent aim to bring peace to the world and wholeness to themselves and their loved ones. They care deeply and passionately about others, especially for the special persons in their lives, or for a worthy cause. They live in a dynamic tension, where they intensely battle themselves, fervently seeking unity within. Their zealous cries are met with comfort in those safe places where they can confess their inner struggle. It is here, in community where they can be an inspiration for others who share similar struggles.

dreamers
Healers have dreams; this is their greatest gift. Their dreams fuel them, and keep them inspired. They often hear a calling to go forth into the world to help others, and they are ready to make the personal sacrifices involved. They live for their dreams, and look for connections with others who share in their vision. Healers have a profound sense of idealism about who they are and who they hope to become. When they are convinced that their dream must be fulfilled, they believe in it, and they forge head with perseverance.


						TRUITY


The INFP Personality Type
INFPs are imaginative idealists, guided by their own core values and beliefs. To a Healer, possibilities are paramount; the realism of the moment is only of passing concern. They see potential for a better future, and pursue truth and meaning with their own individual flair.

INFPs are sensitive, caring, and compassionate, and are deeply concerned with the personal growth of themselves and others. Individualistic and nonjudgmental, INFPs believe that each person must find their own path. They enjoy spending time exploring their own ideas and values, and are gently encouraging to others to do the same. INFPs are creative and often artistic; they enjoy finding new outlets for self-expression.



INFP Values and Motivations
INFPs value authenticity and want to be original and individual in what they do. They are often concerned with a search for meaning and truth within themselves. Following tradition holds little appeal for the INFP; they prefer to do their own exploration of values and ideas, and decide for themselves what seems right. INFPs are often offbeat and unconventional, but they feel no desire to conform. The INFP would rather be true to themselves than try to fit in with the crowd.

INFPs are accepting and nonjudgmental in their treatment of others, believing that each person must follow their own path. They are flexible and accommodating, and can often see many points of view. It is important to the INFP to support other people; however, the INFP may react strongly if they feel their own values are being violated. They especially hate being steamrolled by people who insist there is one right way to do things. INFPs want an open, supportive exchange of ideas.

How Others See the INFP
INFPs may initially seem cool, as they reserve their most authentic thoughts and feelings for people they know well. They are reflective and often spiritual, and often interested in having meaningful conversations about values, ethics, people, and personal growth. Typically curious and open-minded, the Healer continually seeks a deeper understanding of themselves and of the people around them. They are passionate about their ideals, but private as well; few people understand the depth of the INFP’s commitment to their beliefs.

INFPs are sensitive and empathetic, and engage themselves in a lifelong quest for meaning and authenticity. The mundane aspects of life are of less interest to this type, and they are more excited by interesting ideas than by practical facts. They typically accept others without question, and may take special interest in offbeat points of view or alternative lifestyles. They often have a special affection for the arts, especially the avant garde, as they love experiencing new concepts in self-expression.

INFP Hobbies and Interests
Popular hobbies for INFPs include poetry, creative writing, music, photography, theater, and visual art.


					16 PERSONALITIES

Mediator personalities are true idealists, always looking for the hint of good in even the worst of people and events, searching for ways to make things better. While they may be perceived as calm, reserved, or even shy, Mediators have an inner flame and passion that can truly shine. Comprising just 4% of the population, the risk of feeling misunderstood is unfortunately high for the Mediator personality type – but when they find like-minded people to spend their time with, the harmony they feel will be a fountain of joy and inspiration.

Being a part of the Diplomat Role group, Mediators are guided by their principles, rather than by logic (Analysts), excitement (Explorers), or practicality (Sentinels). When deciding how to move forward, they will look to honor, beauty, morality and virtue – Mediators are led by the purity of their intent, not rewards and punishments. People who share the Mediator personality type are proud of this quality, and rightly so, but not everyone understands the drive behind these feelings, and it can lead to isolation.

All that is gold does not glitter; not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither; deep roots are not reached by the frost.


We Know What We Are, but Know Not What We May Be
At their best, these qualities enable Mediators to communicate deeply with others, easily speaking in metaphors and parables, and understanding and creating symbols to share their ideas. Fantasy worlds in particular fascinate Mediators, more than any other personality type. The strength of their visionary communication style lends itself well to creative works, and it comes as no surprise that many famous Mediators are poets, writers and actors. Understanding themselves and their place in the world is important to Mediators, and they explore these ideas by projecting themselves into their work.

Mediators have a talent for self-expression, revealing their beauty and their secrets through metaphors and fictional characters.
Mediators’ ability with language doesn’t stop with their native tongue, either – as with most people who share the Diplomat personality types, they are considered gifted when it comes to learning a second (or third!) language. Their gift for communication also lends itself well to Mediators’ desire for harmony, a recurring theme with Diplomats, and helps them to move forward as they find their calling.

Listen to Many People, but Talk to Few
Unlike their Extraverted cousins though, Mediators will focus their attention on just a few people, a single worthy cause – spread too thinly, they’ll run out of energy, and even become dejected and overwhelmed by all the bad in the world that they can’t fix. This is a sad sight for Mediators’ friends, who will come to depend on their rosy outlook.

If they are not careful, Mediators can lose themselves in their quest for good and neglect the day-to-day upkeep that life demands. Mediators often drift into deep thought, enjoying contemplating the hypothetical and the philosophical more than any other personality type. Left unchecked, Mediators may start to lose touch, withdrawing into “hermit mode”, and it can take a great deal of energy from their friends or partner to bring them back to the real world.

Luckily, like the flowers in spring, Mediator’s affection, creativity, altruism and idealism will always come back, rewarding them and those they love perhaps not with logic and utility, but with a world view that inspires compassion, kindness and beauty wherever they go.






NOT USED






Idealistic – Mediators’ friends and loved ones will come to admire and depend on them for their optimism. Their unshaken belief that all people are inherently good, perhaps simply misunderstood, lends itself to an incredibly resilient attitude in the face of hardship.
Seek and Value Harmony – People with the Mediator personality type have no interest in having power over others, and don’t much care for domineering attitudes at all. They prefer a more democratic approach, and work hard to ensure that every voice and perspective is heard.
Open-Minded and Flexible – A live-and-let-live attitude comes naturally to Mediators, and they dislike being constrained by rules. Mediators give the benefit of the doubt too, and so long as their principles and ideas are not being challenged, they’ll support others’ right to do what they think is right.
Very Creative – Mediators combine their visionary nature with their open-mindedness to allow them to see things from unconventional perspectives. Being able to connect many far-flung dots into a single theme, it’s no wonder that many Mediators are celebrated poets and authors.
Passionate and Energetic – When something captures Mediators’ imagination and speaks to their beliefs, they go all in, dedicating their time, energy, thoughts and emotions to the project. Their shyness keeps them from the podium, but they are the first to lend a helping hand where it’s needed.
Dedicated and Hard-Working – While others focusing on the challenges of the moment may give up when the going gets tough, Mediators (especially Assertive ones) have the benefit of their far-reaching vision to help them through. Knowing that what they are doing is meaningful gives people with this personality type a sense of purpose and even courage when it comes to accomplishing something they believe in.


Too Idealistic – Mediators often take their idealism too far, setting themselves up for disappointment as, again and again, evil things happen in the world. This is true on a personal level too, as Mediators may not just idealize their partners, but idolize them, forgetting that no one is perfect.
Too Altruistic – Mediators sometimes see themselves as selfish, but only because they want to give so much more than they are able to. This becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy, as they try to push themselves to commit to a chosen cause or person, forgetting to take care of the needs of others in their lives, and especially themselves.
Impractical – When something captures Mediators’ imagination, they can neglect practical matters like day-to-day maintenance and simple pleasures. Sometimes people with the Mediator personality type will take this asceticism so far as to neglect eating and drinking as they pursue their passion or cause.
Dislike Dealing With Data – Mediators are often so focused on the big picture that they forget the forest is made of individual trees. Mediators are in tune with emotions and morality, and when the facts and data contradict their ideals, it can be a real challenge for them.
Take Things Personally – Mediators often take challenges and criticisms personally, rather than as inspiration to reassess their positions. Avoiding conflict as much as possible, Mediators will put a great deal of time and energy into trying to align their principles and the criticisms into a middle ground that satisfies everybody.
Difficult to Get to Know – Mediators are private, reserved and self-conscious. This makes them notoriously difficult to really get to know, and their need for these qualities contributes to the guilt they often feel for not giving more of themselves to those they care about.

















							INFJ


							KEIRSEY
Portrait of the Idealist Counselor INFJ
intensity
Counselors are complex individuals possessing a quiet but very certain intense aura. They will almost always go the extra mile even when it is not necessary. Their intensity is revealed in their perfectionistic pursuits and in their judicious nature. They stand their ground at all costs when their core beliefs are questioned or threatened. The intensity which manifests during these contentions can be extremely infectious. Even when words are not present the intensity can still be felt.

developing
Counselors make mentoring their focus as they help people to realize their true human potential. They thrive when they are involved in one-to-one interactions where they are nurturing personal development. In fostering growth they trust their intuition as they seek to discover a person's identity. Rather than refining mere skills and abilities, they yearn to take on an individual as a disciple. Growth must be personal and meaningful for it to be authentic and lasting.

wholeness
Counselors value harmony in all of their relationships and want all the groups they are a part of to feel healthy and whole. They make every effort to bring people and processes together, so that all is well integrated. They desire for the whole group to run smoothly and pleasantly. These individuals enjoy pleasing others and they find conflict disagreeable and destructive. They respond well to affirmation and use approval as a means of motivating others.

private
Counselors tend to be private, sensitive people, and thus are not usually highly vocal or visible. Sometimes they can be hard to get to know, for they have an unusually rich inner life. Even their closest friends who have known them for many years may find sides emerging which come as a surprise. Their inner circle of friends and colleagues is likely to be small, deep, and longstanding. Counselors find their source of energy in contemplation and solitude, where they often retreat to gain perspective and renew themselves.

empathy
Counselors have a strong empathic nature which makes them feel that they are aware of others' emotions or intentions. They have exceptional intuitive ability, extending to insight regarding people, things, and often events, even taking the form of visions and premonitions. They are outstanding at counseling others because they have a unique gift to get in touch with people's inner lives. They are successful in dealing individually with others because of their personal warmth, insight, devotion, and interpretive skills.

connecting
Counselors have a natural talent for reaching people through authentic connection. They yearn for connections which are soulful and deep. They look at life through a romantic lens where all of their relationships must be characterized by a special bond that is idealistic. Connecting for them is conveyed in a heartfelt and careful manner through either written or verbal expression. Their great talent for metaphorical language is usually directed toward communicating with people in a very personalized way.

				

								16 PERSONALITY


Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.”



JOHANN WOLFGANG VON GOETHE
The Advocate personality type is very rare, making up less than one percent of the population, but they nonetheless leave their mark on the world. Advocates have an inborn sense of idealism and morality, but what sets them apart is that they are not idle dreamers. These individuals are capable of taking concrete steps to realize their goals and make a lasting positive impact.

People with this personality type tend to see helping others as their purpose in life. Advocates can often be found engaging in rescue efforts and doing charity work. However, their real passion is to get to the heart of the issue so that people need not be rescued at all.

Help Me Help You
Advocates indeed share a unique combination of traits. Though soft-spoken, they have very strong opinions and will fight tirelessly for an idea they believe in. They are decisive and strong-willed, but will rarely use that energy for personal gain.

Advocates will act with creativity, imagination, conviction, and sensitivity not to create an advantage, but to create balance. Egalitarianism and karma are very attractive ideas to Advocate personalities. These types tend to believe that nothing would help the world so much as using love and compassion to soften the hearts of tyrants.

Nothing lights up Advocates like creating a solution that changes people’s lives.
Advocates find it easy to make connections with others. They have a talent for warm, sensitive language, speaking in human terms, rather than with pure logic and fact.

It makes sense that their friends and colleagues will come to think of them as quiet Extraverted personality types. However, they would all do well to remember that Advocates need time alone to decompress and recharge, and not to become too alarmed when they suddenly withdraw. Advocates take great care of others’ feelings, and they expect the favor to be returned – sometimes that means giving them the space they need for a few days.

Live to Fight Another Day
Really, though, it is most important for people with the Advocate personality type to remember to take care of themselves. The passion of their convictions is perfectly capable of carrying them past their breaking point. If their zeal gets out of hand, they can find themselves exhausted, unhealthy, and stressed.

This becomes especially apparent when Advocates find themselves up against conflict and criticism. Their sensitivity forces these personalities to do everything they can to evade these seemingly personal attacks. When the circumstances are unavoidable, however, they can fight back in highly irrational, unhelpful ways.

To Advocates, the world is a place full of inequity – but it doesn’t have to be. No other personality type is better suited to create a movement to right a wrong, no matter how big or small. Advocates just need to remember that while they’re busy taking care of the world, they need to take care of themselves, too.


							TRUITY

							The INFJ Personality Type
INFJs are creative nurturers with a strong sense of personal integrity and a drive to help others realize their potential. Creative and dedicated, they have a talent for helping others with original solutions to their personal challenges.

The Counselor has a unique ability to intuit others' emotions and motivations, and will often know how someone else is feeling before that person knows it himself. They trust their insights about others and have strong faith in their ability to read people. Although they are sensitive, they are also reserved; the INFJ is a private sort, and is selective about sharing intimate thoughts and feelings.

INFJ Values and Motivations
INFJs are guided by a deeply considered set of personal values. They are intensely idealistic, and can clearly imagine a happier and more perfect future. They can become discouraged by the harsh realities of the present, but they are typically motivated and persistent in taking positive action nonetheless. The INFJ feels an intrinsic drive to do what they can to make the world a better place.

INFJs want a meaningful life and deep connections with other people. They do not tend to share themselves freely but appreciate emotional intimacy with a select, committed few. Although their rich inner life can sometimes make them seem mysterious or private to others, they profoundly value authentic connections with people they trust.

How Others See the INFJ
INFJs often appear quiet, caring and sensitive, and may be found listening attentively to someone else’s ideas or concerns. They are highly perceptive about people and want to help others achieve understanding. INFJs are not afraid of complex personal problems; in fact, they are quite complex themselves, and have a rich inner life that few are privy to. They reflect at length on issues of ethics, and feel things deeply. Because Counselors initially appear so gentle and reserved, they may surprise others with their intensity when one of their values is threatened or called into question. Their calm exterior belies the complexity of their inner worlds.

Because INFJs are such complex people, they may be reluctant to engage with others who might not understand or appreciate them, and can thus be hard to get to know. Although they want to get along with others and support them in their goals, they are fiercely loyal to their own system of values and will not follow others down a path that does not feel authentic to them. When they sense that their values are not being respected, or when their intuition tells them that someone’s intentions are not pure, they are likely to withdraw.

INFJ Hobbies and Interests
Popular hobbies for the INFJ include writing, art appreciation, cultural events, reading, socializing in small, intimate settings, and playing or listening to music.














								ENFJ




								TRUITY
								The ENFJ Personality Type
ENFJs are idealist organizers, driven to implement their vision of what is best for humanity. They often act as catalysts for human growth because of their ability to see potential in other people and their charisma in persuading others to their ideas. They are focused on values and vision, and are passionate about the possibilities for people.

ENFJs are typically energetic and driven, and often have a lot on their plates. They are tuned into the needs of others and acutely aware of human suffering; however, they also tend to be optimistic and forward-thinking, intuitively seeing opportunity for improvement. The ENFJ is ambitious, but their ambition is not self-serving: rather, they feel personally responsible for making the world a better place.


ENFJ Values and Motivations
ENFJs are driven by a deep sense of altruism and empathy for other people. They have an intuitive sense of the emotions of others, and often act as an emotional barometer for the people around them. However, their compassion not reserved for the people close to them: they are often humanitarian in nature, and may feel genuine concern for the ills of the entire human race. They tend to personally experience the feelings of others, and feel compelled to act when they see people suffering.

ENFJs want close, supportive connections with others, and believe that cooperation is the best way to get things done. They like to be liked and are very sensitive to feedback, both positive and negative. They expect the best not just from themselves, but from others as well, and may find themselves disappointed when others are not as genuine in their intentions as the ENFJ. ENFJs work hard to maintain strong relationships, and strive to be valuable members of their families, groups, and communities.

How Others See the ENFJ
ENFJs are natural teachers, often found organizing people to take part in some educational activity. They tend to take charge of a situation, and guide a group towards those activities and experiences which will help them learn and grow. They intuitively see the potential in people, and with charisma and warmth, they encourage others to pursue greater development of their strengths. They are typically dynamic and productive, and are often visibly energized when leading others to discover new knowledge.

ENFJs are typically good communicators, talented at using words to connect with others. They are perceptive about people and enjoy talking about relationships. They often enjoy helping others solve personal problems and like to share their insights about people, their emotions, and their motivations. They are empathetic sometimes to the point of being overinvolved, and can become exhausted if they are surrounded by too much negative emotion.

ENFJ Hobbies and Interests
Popular hobbies for the ENFJ include organizing social events, reading, the arts, museums, storytelling, listening to music, writing, and gourmet cooking.


							16 PERSONALITY
Everything you do right now ripples outward and affects everyone. Your posture can shine your heart or transmit anxiety. Your breath can radiate love or muddy the room in depression. Your glance can awaken joy. Your words can inspire freedom. Your every act can open hearts and minds.

DAVID DEIDA
Protagonists are natural-born leaders, full of passion and charisma. Forming around two percent of the population, they are oftentimes our politicians, our coaches and our teachers, reaching out and inspiring others to achieve and to do good in the world. With a natural confidence that begets influence, Protagonists take a great deal of pride and joy in guiding others to work together to improve themselves and their community.

Firm Believers in the People
People are drawn to strong personalities, and Protagonists radiate authenticity, concern and altruism, unafraid to stand up and speak when they feel something needs to be said. They find it natural and easy to communicate with others, especially in person, and their Intuitive (N) trait helps people with the Protagonist personality type to reach every mind, be it through facts and logic or raw emotion. Protagonists easily see people’s motivations and seemingly disconnected events, and are able to bring these ideas together and communicate them as a common goal with an eloquence that is nothing short of mesmerizing.

The interest Protagonists have in others is genuine, almost to a fault – when they believe in someone, they can become too involved in the other person’s problems, place too much trust in them. Luckily, this trust tends to be a self-fulfilling prophecy, as Protagonists’ altruism and authenticity inspire those they care about to become better themselves. But if they aren’t careful, they can overextend their optimism, sometimes pushing others further than they’re ready or willing to go.

Protagonists are vulnerable to another snare as well: they have a tremendous capacity for reflecting on and analyzing their own feelings, but if they get too caught up in another person’s plight, they can develop a sort of emotional hypochondria, seeing other people’s problems in themselves, trying to fix something in themselves that isn’t wrong. If they get to a point where they are held back by limitations someone else is experiencing, it can hinder Protagonists’ ability to see past the dilemma and be of any help at all. When this happens, it’s important for Protagonists to pull back and use that self-reflection to distinguish between what they really feel, and what is a separate issue that needs to be looked at from another perspective.

...The Struggle Ought Not to Deter Us From the Support of a Cause We Believe to Be Just
Protagonists are genuine, caring people who talk the talk and walk the walk, and nothing makes them happier than leading the charge, uniting and motivating their team with infectious enthusiasm.
People with the Protagonist personality type are passionate altruists, sometimes even to a fault, and they are unlikely to be afraid to take the slings and arrows while standing up for the people and ideas they believe in. It is no wonder that many famous Protagonists are cultural or political icons – this personality type wants to lead the way to a brighter future, whether it’s by leading a nation to prosperity, or leading their little league softball team to a hard-fought victory.


							KEIRSEY


Portrait of the Idealist Teacher ENFJ
expressive
Teachers are extremely expressive and have extraordinary charisma. They are always finding ways to enlighten all those around. Whether they are experiencing positive or negative feelings, they do not hesitate to communicate their emotions with great passion. Their expressiveness is so contagious that they can raise the level of excitement for any group they are involved in. Teachers use empathy to connect and know how to express themselves in a unique manner where their respondent feels understood.

intuitive
Teachers have well developed intuition, and so they are able to understand people and engage situations with an empathic approach. Their intuitive nature enables them to feel comfortable in complex circumstances involving people. They can navigate through challenging social situations in a winsome manner. When their intuition is on, they have just the right words at just the right time for any occasion. Their intuitive sense is so powerful to them, that they can find it difficult not to expect others to feel the same as they do.

idealistic
Teachers are natural visionaries and dreamers, for they have an extraordinary imagination. What occurs in their imagination is so strong that their thoughts and feelings can often feel more real to them than what they feel with their physical senses. Ideality is often preferred over reality for them. They prefer to live in future possibilities rather than in present day reality, and so they are primarily interested in a person's growth and development over what they can do today. Teachers long for the ideal in all of their pursuits.

influence
Teachers are natural educators with the uncanny ability to influence those around them without much effort. They are influential in groups, having no hesitation about speaking out, no matter how large or small the group may be. Followers buy into them as real persons, and not just as figureheads who hold a position. Teachers take aim at empowering people to live their best lives. They operate on the assumption that when they are passing on what they have learned, that they will make a difference in the world

interpersonal
Teachers consider people their highest priority. They naturally communicate care, concern, and a desire to become involved with others. They engage people with charm and warmth, and are usually popular wherever they are. As a result, people often turn to them for nurture and support. They show sincere interest in the problems of those around them, whether they be colleagues, students, family, friends or even strangers. When it comes to insight on personal and interpersonal matters, Teachers are incomparable.

principled
Teachers make it a must to be absolutely reliable in honoring their commitments. They place a high value on integrity, and live authentically from their core values. They prefer to be structured and they expect everyone, including themselves, to be cooperative by honoring agreements. Teachers live by their convictions, and will not compromise what they believe. They seek what is noble and just, and are dedicated to teaching the principles they live by to as many people as they can.



								

















								ENFP







								KEIRSEY

Portrait of the Idealist Champion ENFP
passionate
Champions have a wide range and variety of emotions, and a great passion for novelty. It is important for them to embark on a journey that feels fresh, new, original, and unique. Anything less feels stale and something that they cannot be passionate about. Their feelings are powerful, and so they seek to inspire and motivate others to feel as they do. Champions inspire because they have first been inspired. Their passion can only be displayed when it is the natural overflow of what resides within.

exploring
Champions have a probing nature, always exploring to find the idea or opportunity which holds promise. Believing that the world is interconnected, people are interrelated, and ideas are interdependent, these natural surveyors look for patterns and relationships. Their continual exploration makes them exciting to be around. Once people or projects become routine, Champions are likely to lose interest. For "what might be" is always more fascinating than "what is."

networking
People-to-people work is essential for Champions. They are outstanding in getting people together, and are good at initiating meetings and conferences. They are good with people and make extensive use of their interpersonal powers. They usually have a wide range of personal contacts, expending energy in maintaining both professional and personal relationships. Champions prefer to approach relationships in an inclusive and collaborative fashion, where everyone has a voice, and mutual respect is paramount.

enthusiastic
Champions are tireless in conversing with others. Their enthusiasm is boundless and is often contagious, making them the most vivacious of all. Their irrepressible expressiveness compels them to be the champions of causes, and their exuberance emanates from within. Their enthusiasm is received by others as an authentic expression. For Champions, "what they do" is not mere activity, it is an extension of "who they are"—it is tied to their identity.

authentic
Champions strive toward a kind of spontaneous personal authenticity. This intention always to be themselves is usually communicated both verbally and nonverbally to others, who find it quite attractive. They feel most alive when they are authentically expressing themselves and connecting with others. When Champions do not feel connected in a personal way, they can feel as though their efforts are somehow disingenuous. Their yearning for authenticity is not just for themselves, but they seek it out in others as well.

eclectic
Champions are always seeking to find new outlets for their inspirations. They find themselves scattered with many interests. This allows them to pull together elements from unusual places to create an integrated juxtaposition. They are unconventional and possess a nonconformist nature. This creativity empowers them to be great at having an alternative perspective. Champions are dreamy and highly imaginative, leading them down various paths which eventually merge together in ways that are meaningful for them.

								16 PERSONALITY

				Introduction
It doesn’t interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for – and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart’s longing. It doesn’t interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool – for love – for your dreams – for the adventure of being alive.

ORIAH MOUNTAIN DREAMER
The Campaigner personality is a true free spirit. They are often the life of the party, but unlike types in the Explorer Role group, Campaigners are less interested in the sheer excitement and pleasure of the moment than they are in enjoying the social and emotional connections they make with others. Charming, independent, energetic and compassionate, the 7% of the population that they comprise can certainly be felt in any crowd.

You Can Change the World With Just an Idea
More than just sociable people-pleasers though, Campaigners, like all their Diplomat cousins, are shaped by their Intuitive (N) quality, allowing them to read between the lines with curiosity and energy. They tend to see life as a big, complex puzzle where everything is connected – but unlike Analyst personality types, who tend to see that puzzle as a series of systemic machinations, Campaigners see it through a prism of emotion, compassion and mysticism, and are always looking for a deeper meaning.

Campaigners are fiercely independent, and much more than stability and security, they crave creativity and freedom.
Many other types are likely to find these qualities irresistible, and if they’ve found a cause that sparks their imagination, Campaigners will bring an energy that oftentimes thrusts them into the spotlight, held up by their peers as a leader and a guru – but this isn’t always where independence-loving Campaigners want to be. Worse still if they find themselves beset by the administrative tasks and routine maintenance that can accompany a leadership position. Campaigners’ self-esteem is dependent on their ability to come up with original solutions, and they need to know that they have the freedom to be innovative – they can quickly lose patience or become dejected if they get trapped in a boring role.

Don’t Lose That ’Little Spark of Madness’
Luckily, Campaigners know how to relax, and they are perfectly capable of switching from a passionate, driven idealist in the workplace to that imaginative and enthusiastic free spirit on the dance floor, often with a suddenness that can surprise even their closest friends. Being in the mix also gives them a chance to connect emotionally with others, giving them cherished insight into what motivates their friends and colleagues. They believe that everyone should take the time to recognize and express their feelings, and their empathy and sociability make that a natural conversation topic.

The Campaigner personality type needs to be careful, however – if they rely too much on their intuition, assume or anticipate too much about a friend’s motivations, they can misread the signals and frustrate plans that a more straightforward approach would have made simple. This kind of social stress is the bugbear that keeps harmony-focused Diplomats awake at night. Campaigners are very emotional and sensitive, and when they step on someone’s toes, they both feel it.

Campaigners will spend a lot of time exploring social relationships, feelings and ideas before they find something that really rings true. But when they finally do find their place in the world, their imagination, empathy and courage are likely to produce incredible results.



								KEIRSEY

The ENFP Personality Type
ENFPs are people-centered creators with a focus on possibilities and a contagious enthusiasm for new ideas, people and activities. Energetic, warm, and passionate, ENFPs love to help other people explore their creative potential.

ENFPs are typically agile and expressive communicators, using their wit, humor, and mastery of language to create engaging stories. Imaginative and original, ENFPs often have a strong artistic side. They are drawn to art because of its ability to express inventive ideas and create a deeper understanding of human experience.

ENFP Values and Motivations
ENFPs tend to be curious about others and preoccupied with discovering the deeper meaning in people and ideas. They want authentic experience and often seek emotional intensity. ENFPs are easily bored by details and repetition and seek out situations that offer an escape from the mundane. Novelty is attractive to ENFPs, who often have a wide range of interests and friends from many backgrounds.

ENFPs prize individuality and often consider the pursuit of happiness to be the highest priority in life, both for themselves and for others. They place great importance on personal freedom and self-expression, and want to be able to go wherever inspiration leads.

How Others See the ENFP
ENFPs love to talk about people: not just the facts, but what motivates them, what inspires them, and what they envision achieving in life. They’ll often share their own aspirations freely, and want to hear others’ in return. The ENFP is unlikely to judge anyone’s dream, and will discuss the most imaginative and outlandish of fantasies with warm, enthusiastic intensity. They love to explore creative possibilities, and nothing deflates them faster than talking about dry facts or harsh reality.

ENFPs often seem unconventional, and may come off as scattered; they don’t tend to be in touch with their physical surroundings. They often overlook the details, as they are more likely to focus on connecting with other people or on exploring their own imagination and self-expression. They have little patience for the mundane and want to experience life with intensity and flair. ENFPs often have an artistic streak, and may be artistic in appearance. Many have developed a distinctive and quirky personal style.

ENFP Hobbies and Interests
Popular hobbies for the ENFP include writing, creating and appreciating art, playing musical instruments, listening to music, participating in community theater, and reading fiction.









